Add preliminary Stardoc repository documentation (#5)
bazelbuild/stardoc: docs/skydoc_deprecation.md

## Why was Skydoc deprecated?

> Skydoc functioned by evalutating Starlark files as if they were python. Unfortunately, while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skydoc functioned by evaluating Starlark files as if they were Python. Unfortunately, while
```

Starlark is **similar** to Python, there are some important syntactic differences between
the languages. Assuming compatibility between the languages was inherently brittle, and resulted
in a maintenance burden on the Starlark code. Specifically, if one of your transitive dependencies

> were to adopt a Starlark-compatible, python-incompatible construct, your Skydoc integration would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
were to adopt a Starlark-compatible, Python-incompatible construct, your Skydoc integration would
```

break!

Skydoc still exists under [bazelbuild/skydoc](https://github.com/bazelbuild/skydoc), as it's a

> nontrivial migration to Stardoc, but Skydoc is completely unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nontrivial migration to Stardoc, but Skydoc is completely unsupported as of September 2019.
```

The [bazelbuild/skydoc](https://github.com/bazelbuild/skydoc) will be archived by end of 2019.

## How to migrate

Stardoc is not a drop-in replacement for Skydoc. Its usage is slightly different, and it has some
new features. It's recommended to take a look at the root Stardoc documentation, but here is
a brief summary of some things to note for migration:

### Docstring specification

> Stardoc uses inline documentation strings instead of python-style docstrings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stardoc uses inline documentation strings instead of Python-style docstrings.
```

For example, Skydoc documentation may have been specified with:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

and same for all Starlark code snippets below

    attrs = {
        "srcs": attr.label_list(),
        "deps": attr.label_list(),
    },
)
"""Example rule documentation.

Example:
  Here is an example of how to use this rule.

Args:
  srcs: Source files used to build this target.
  deps: Dependencies for this target.
"""
```

...the equivalent for Stardoc is:

```
my_rule = rule(
    implementation = _my_rule_impl,
    doc = """
Example rule documentation.

Example:
  Here is an example of how to use this rule.
""",
    attrs = {
        "srcs" : attr.label_list(
            doc = "Source files used to build this target.",
        ),
        "deps" : attr.label_list(
            doc = "Dependencies for this target.",
        ),
    }
)
```

### Different Starlark Rule

Stardoc uses a different Starlark rule than Skydoc with different attributes.

See [Generating Documentation](generating_stardoc.md) for a
tutorial on using the new rule, and the
[Build Rule Reference](docs/stardoc_reference.md) for information
about the new `stardoc` rule itself.

### Starlark Dependencies

Stardoc depends on your `bzl` file, all of its dependencies, and all of its **transitive**
dependencies, so that it can fully evaluate your Starlark code.

> `bazel-skylib`'s `bzl_library` is your "best friend" for tracking `bzl` dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bazel-skylib`'s `bzl_library` is the recommend approach for tracking `bzl` dependencies.
```

stardoc(
    name = "foo_docs",
    input = "foo.bzl",
    out = "foo_doc.md",
    deps = ["//other/package:bar"],
)
```

**other/package/BUILD**:

```
load("@bazel_skylib//:bzl_library.bzl", "bzl_library")

bzl_library(
    name = "bar",
    srcs = ["bar.bzl"],
    deps = ["//third/package:baz"],
)
```

**third/package/BUILD**:

```
load("@bazel_skylib//:bzl_library.bzl", "bzl_library")

bzl_library(
    name = "baz",
    srcs = ["baz.bzl"],
)
```

Thus, each `.bzl` file should appear in the `srcs` of a `bzl_library` target defined in the same
package. The `deps` of this `bzl_library` should be (only) the `bzl_library` targets corresponding
to the files that are _directly_ `load()`ed by the `srcs`. This structure mirrors that of other
`<language>_library` rules in Bazel.

This migration might involve creating a large number of new `bzl_library` targets,
but this work is useful beyond Stardoc. For example, `bzl_library` can be also used to gather
transitive Starlark dependencies for use in shell tests or other test frameworks.

See [Generating Documentation](docs/generating_stardoc.md) for
a tutorial.

## Migration Issues

If you run into any issues migrating, please file a

> [github issue](https://github.com/bazelbuild/stardoc/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub issue](https://github.com/bazelbuild/stardoc/issues).
```
